Activity 6
The following minute shows my coding presentation with, Iresha.
-Iresha:” May you please show me your presentation?”
-Nima: “Here is my musician data requirements. When you want to work as an user, you can use the ‘Terminal’ part of JavaScript. I run the program.’ Enter your name:’ You can write your name here, for example if you write ‘Nima’ program return ‘His name is Nima’.”
Iresha: “may you write other name? because I want to see your name ‘s condition works or not.’
Nima:” yes. For ‘nik’ because the number of characters is three, program return this message ‘Name between 3 and 30 characters’. Next data is hourly rate. ‘Enter your hourly rate:’”
Iresha: “52”
Nima: “‘His hourly rate is: 52’, and if your input was 40, the result was ‘Hourly rate must be greater than 50’. Next object is Years playing must be non-negative. As you see for input of ‘-1’ the output is ‘Year must be greater than zero'. The last object is ‘musician must play one of the four instruments’.
If you enter “piano” as an input, the result will be ‘’ "Musician must play one of these instruments: 'guitar',' bass', 'percussion, 'flute' ". “
Iresha: “Why did not you put all data with their conditions together?
Nima:” I did not find the way to do this”
Iresha:” What about your musician class”
Nima:”I gave all objects of  name, year and rate as the properties in my constructor. And I pass these methods which are inside of display musician, to the class. If I give all those objects manually, I can show the result here. Such as "Name: Niki", Years playing :5”, Hourly rate:52", ‘who plays guitar and his interesting fact is "The more strings you have, the better you are”’
Iresha: “What about your troupe class”
Nima: “Same as musician condition, I coded the troupe conditions too. But for the troupe class, still I am working on it.”
Iresha: “Ok, I give you more time to work on it.  write all our conversation as a minute, make a table for test result  and send them through email, with the rest of reports”


